Added available installation options (#223)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: topics/installation.md

### Package managers

> The following package managers are supported for the time being, but the list is not exhaustive.

Author: Im not sure about not closely maintain, we dont know. maybe and not maintain directly by valkey-io?

> The following package managers are supported for the time being, but the list is not exhaustive.

Reviewer: Maybe "and may not be up to date." I really just want it to be clear that this may be wrong.

> The following package managers are supported for the time being, but the list is not exhaustive.

Author: The edit sounds good. Will add.

For searching if and what versions are available for your distribution, you can use the [pkgs.org](https://pkgs.org/download/valkey) website (linux/unix only), or [repology.org](https://repology.org/project/valkey/versions).

> ### Linux/BSD

Author: What is the difference from mac? It's also a package manager

> ### Linux/BSD

Reviewer 2: Btw, are the names of the package managers very relevant in the headings? The OS names are more relevant, right? Maybe we can just list the OS names and show the package manager commands only in the code examples?

For example...

````
#### Debian/Ubuntu/Mint/Devuan/Raspbian/PureOS

```bash
sudo apt update
sudo apt install valkey
# For symlinked binaries to redis-cli and redis-server
sudo apt install valkey-compat
```
````

> ### Linux/BSD

Author: Generally agree, but since package managers will probably get updated on the other OSes using them at some point, and some OSes have the package just in some version, I'm not sure what is the right approach.

> ### Linux/BSD

Reviewer 2: Yes.. and some OS doesn't have all Valkey versions, for example like Debian has only Valkey 8.0, not 7.2. We will not be able to keep this page updated with all the details. The full picture is only on the pkgs and repology listings. Great links.

I guess we can keep this structure if you think it's best. I don't want to block this PR. :)

> ### Linux/BSD

Author: I don't have a strong opinion here. 
Maybe opening with package managers and with something like "availability" or something.
My only opinion is that macos, windows (as PC), apt (Ubuntu - generic ), yum (not available yet, but amazon linux), apk (alpine as popular docker distro), should be easy to locate since younger dev, or dev out of this software scope usually use those, and the other distros user's probably not really need the page to install.

I'll move macos to the top, arrange based on the audience's needs. If you have specific ideas in addition, I'll take it.

> ### Linux/BSD

Reviewer 2: Sounds good. I don't have any strong opinions here really. I just wanted to point out that the headings tree structure seemed wrong, in case you missed it, but if it's intentional, then I don't mind.

> yum (not available yet, but amazon linux)

Yum works on fedora and it has Valkey.

> ### Linux/BSD

Author: Yea, I know, I'm running fedora myself :). I meant why it's relevant, AL is OOB for many services.

#### apt (Debian based)

Currently available on:
Debian/Ubuntu/Mint/Devuan/Raspbian/PureOS

```bash
sudo apt update
sudo apt install valkey
# For symlinked binaries to redis-cli and redis-server
sudo apt install valkey-compat
```

#### apt-get (ALT Linux/Old Debian)

```bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install valkey

> ```

Reviewer 2: Very very old end-of-life Debian? `apt install` has existed for at least 10 years I think... Maybe we can skip this example?

And what's ALT Linux? This one? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ALT_Linux

According to the Wikipedia article, it uses RPM packages.

Reviewer 2: It is a modified APT for RPM packages, interesting stuff: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/APT-RPM

Author: I ran it, they using rpm packages, but the command is apt-get

#### apk (Alpine Linux/Kali Linux/Wolfi)

```bash
sudo apk update
sudo apk add valkey

> # Bellow relevant for Alpine.

Reviewer 2: Spelling: Below.

# For valkey-cli
sudo apk add valkey-cli
# For symlinked binaries to redis-cli and redis-server
sudo apk add valkey-compat
```

#### yum (CentOS/RHEL/Fedora)

```bash
sudo yum install valkey
# Some versions of CentOS and RHEL may not have Valkey in their default repositories.
# You can use the EPEL repository - https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/EPEL to install Valkey.

> # For symlinked binaries to redis-cli and redis-server

Reviewer 2: Put the two first comments as text outside the code block (below the code block maybe?). The 3rd comment about valkey-compat can stay here.

sudo yum install valkey
# For symlinked binaries to redis-cli and redis-server
sudo yum install valkey-compat

> # For valkey-doc (can be used with man, i.e `man hageall`, `man valkey.conf`, etc.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# For valkey-doc (can be used with man, e.g. `man hgetall`, `man valkey.conf`, etc.)
```
